feat: Introduce HydratorClass on AttributeEntity (#6068)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-01-08-introduce-hydrator-class-attribute-entity.md

---
title: Introduce Hydrator class on Attribute Entity 

> issue: NEXT-00000

Reviewer: this is not needed anymore

Author: ok, so can I remove the file?

Reviewer: no, just the line about the issue. sorry, that was not clear enough

Author: no problem, I removed issue line

author: Raffaele Carelle <raffaele.carelle@gmail.com>
author_github: @raffaelecarelle
---

# Core

>  * Changed `\Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Attribute\Entity` adding `$hydratoClass` parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Changed `\Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Attribute\Entity` to allow defining a hydrator class
```

>  * Changed `\Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\AttributeEntityCompiler` which process `$hydratorClass` parameter

Reviewer: we do not need to document implementation details in the changelog

>  * Changed `\Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\AttributeEntityDefinition` overriding `getHydratorClass` that returns the hydrator class passed on Attribute 

Reviewer: same as above
